com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/NamedExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.NamedExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/IsExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.IsExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/FileParseTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.FileParseTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/AssertNullExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.AssertNullExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/array/ArrayExpressionGetTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.array.ArrayExpressionGetTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/operation/InFunctionContainerOperationTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.operation.InFunctionContainerOperationTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/CallOrCreateExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.CallOrCreateExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/containers/NamedExpressionFunctionContainerTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.containers.NamedExpressionFunctionContainerTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/operation/LongOperationTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.operation.LongOperationTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/operation/RangeOperationTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.operation.RangeOperationTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/var/VariableTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.var.VariableTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/containers/ContainerTests.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.containers.ContainerTests
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/WhileExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.WhileExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/var/VariableSetExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.var.VariableSetExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/containers/ClassesTests.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.containers.ClassesTests
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/access/AccessExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.access.AccessExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/array/ArrayExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.array.ArrayExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/var/VariableWithAccessExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.var.VariableWithAccessExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/TypeTests.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.TypeTests
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/ifExpr/IfExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.ifExpr.IfExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/containers/FunctionTests.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.containers.FunctionTests
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/operation/ManyOperationInCallOrCreate.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.operation.ManyOperationInCallOrCreate
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/NotExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.NotExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/ValueExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.ValueExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/ReturnExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.ReturnExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/var/VariableLinkTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.var.VariableLinkTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/access/CompanionAccessExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.access.CompanionAccessExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/CastExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.CastExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/ForExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.ForExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/NamedSingleExpressionTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.NamedSingleExpressionTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/expressions/operation/ShortOperationTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.expressions.operation.ShortOperationTest
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/TestsUtils.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.TestsUtils
com/github/kayjamlang/tests/containers/FunctionRefTest.java
 com.github.kayjamlang.tests.containers.FunctionRefTest
